As soon as you join the military, probably your very first week, even
though you're at bootcamp, so you have no access to alcohol but from
that time,you know, all the way up until you end your career, you're
going to be hearing about alcohol, alcohol responsibility, the fact
that you can't drink too much, the fact that, you know, alcohol ruins
people's lives and it's a very big thing for our culture. So, the
Navy takes some strides to kind of change this. We get lots of training.
We get, for instance, when we go to ports, when we're on deployment,
we have this thing called the 'buddy system', which means that
you're not allowed to go out yourself. You actually have to tap one
of your friends and the both of you go out to explore this new city.
They want to make sure that you don't go out there and get yourself
into trouble by drinking too much alcohol and then having a stranger,
you know, guide you back to the ship. There are people who would
rob you, there are people who will, you know, do harm to you. So,
the 'buddy system' is probably the Navy's biggest way to combat alcohol
misuse.